Video games and images taken at aesthetics venues
Almonds
SnTP
SMz
nomination
Asshole
dedim
My seb
Let's not be separated, let's meet again
Drowning in the music, I admit my imperfect self
A fiction of a daydream, a lie and a true lie
Forgive me for my love that's not enough, I don't care, let's get out of this stage
High tension of the music, I can't be quiet without a yellow wrap
Love me, love me, just with you
Love me, love me, I'll buy you a sample
Love me, love me, I'm so addicted
Kill me, kill me, take me to the past
I'm so, I'm so addicted
I'm always the best
I don't care about the price of deceit
I'm so, I'm so addicted
I'm so addicted to the outside world
campus won't continue unless was your
love on your temai
I bought a cat
continue
The number of people was increasing, and if we were to be caught, the cats would die.
It was a decision we shouldn't have made, so I'm the only one who knows that we're winning.
In Iwate Prefecture, Morioka City, in March 2016,
the incident where the woman and her mother and two other investigators were found at home.
Morioka Prefecture has been basing the Oe Keita who lives nearby on the charges of murder.
This is what happened after the arrest.
Oe fled to his home during a questioning session with the patrol police.
The police who were chasing him found a bloodstained knife.
He was arrested in the second half.
The DNA test showed that the knife's bloodstain matched the victim's DNA.
The guard denied the crime in one fell swoop.
Even the evidence of the knife...
I picked it up. It's not mine.
That's impossible.
Because you wanted to look behind you, so you refused to eat.
No. He was once a doctor and was using drugs, so he was in a bad mood.
Is that a trauma?
Even if it is, you picked it up.
What do you mean? A bloody knife? Why?
I was planning to deliver it to the police later.
Later?
I know. It's impossible to say everything.
But considering the environment, the NPO staff working in the accommodation,
I don't think it's a possible thing.
NPO staff?
He mainly works on shelter management and self-support for the elderly.
The guard was there to take care of them as a job.
But he doesn't have a salary.
He only gets a year's salary as a salary, and he only pays for lunch and food.
Nevertheless, he is paid 50,000 yen a month as a rent.
Egu.
It seems that there are not many people who have a good income in the house.
And the reason why the order for the weapons was delayed was...
It's a bad decision to call them.
The patokai and the ambulance will be a nuisance to the neighbors.
That organization is pretty gray.
Yeah, it's almost black gray.
But since the disaster recovery fund has been flowing in,
there have been more NPO-like people in the business.
At my extended
A crime?
Black market is cheap, but they do a lot of things.
The public opinion is full of guilt.
And there's no room for execution in murder.
There's a possibility of trial.
It's a waste of time.
Hey, Mr. Sun.
Why did you take this case?
It's okay sometimes.
I'm not good at easy jobs.
Not sometimes.
It's not like that!
I'm just saying what I think.
As always, Higuruma-kun.
It's hard when a boss is not interested in money.
I wouldn't say that you should open a cafe in your second job.
But as always, have you been like this for a long time?
No it actually worse than before Yes When he was at home I was in charge of the dangerous driving
Oh, the drinking driving.
The defendant was 19 years old,
and drinking and driving were forced on the people at work.
But the person in charge was forced to talk to them,
and they couldn't get a fine,
and they couldn't get a bail.
I told you I'd be innocent!
I just said I'd do something to get the prosecution's attention.
I didn't say I'd be innocent.
You're done with this, right?
Stop being a criminal defense lawyer.
The weak are the strong.
That's a good thing, but...
You don't understand the courts and the police.
You're not a good judge.
You're not a good lawyer.
Well, it's fine.
We're the only ones who have a limit, without the understanding of the courts and the police.
We won't continue until the client is displeased.
They are being cornered both economically and mentally.
It's not impossible for me to win.
What will happen to your heart, Higuruma?
I...
Copyright © 2020, Nishinahahago. All rights reserved.
I am not guilty.
What?
Did he really win?
Not yet.
I'll be back soon.
The police are now...
The stolen items were not found in Oe-san's room.
There was a person who went missing right after the crime in the NPO.
And the crime scene that the body predicted,
the security camera in the convenience store,
and Oe-san was in the scene, it was a big deal.
I'm glad Oe-san didn't commit suicide.
Higuruma-sensei, thank you very much.
Please forgive me.
Besides, you're still alive.
You still have two lives.
It's not that...
Thank you for believing in me.
I'm sorry.
The prosecution has to act according to the budget and the number of people involved.
The police will give evidence by putting in tax and manpower.
That's fine. That's the way it works.
But the police will not give any new evidence.
After the court reached its conclusion that
there was no reason to suspect a missing person of the Gonzalez result,
the Vault was undisclosed regarding the criminal charges.
SCM Rolex has no
ala
Why do you look at me with those eyes?
What's going to happen to your heart, Higuruma-kun?
I don't hold a grudge against the perpetrators.
I've always felt that I was wrong, and I can't leave that behind.
That's all that's been healed.
The Goddess of Justice closes her eyes for the sake of equality, and the people close their eyes for the sake of their own safety.
In the midst of all this, I want to keep my eyes open so that I don't shake off the hand that has been clinging to me.
If this verdict is not approved, please submit the statement of appeal within 15 days including today.
Mr. Higuruma?
Um, he.
part of her life but nothing.
Udonge.
Key would.
Is Chiguro here?
It's a bit late.
When will she bring the next turtle?
What No no It nothing not working at all Then what is it Like this like this
Why are you so quiet?
You can just laugh and have fun.
Ah, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say it.
Why don't you understand?
Are you stupid?
I don't study or exercise often, but I have a high pride.
I just have to keep my spirits up and not get hurt.
That way, I won't be a burden to other people.
Sometimes I can have good thoughts.
Stop it.
There's another idiot.
That student, Nishichu?
Is he a junior?
That was kind of you.
Get lost!
Chidou!
No normal practice!
You're...
Me?
Hey!
What?
If you're going to go through Ikebukuro and head to Shinjuku, stop.
There's a lot of supplies around here.
The number of encounters with the player will increase.
There are two reasons why I'm passing by here.
It's easy to see the way.
There's my base nearby.
I even took a shower.
I haven't had a good rest since yesterday.
The train is based on this theater.
I hope it hasn't moved.
Oh, you saved me.
Thank you.
Wait.
What?
Are you really going?
I want to meet up with my friends, but I'm in a hurry.
I've never met a sun wheel, but that Haba-san was once beaten by a small-scale pan.
Then it's okay.
I won the head of the helicopter, so I can run away.
See you.
No...
I'm going to say it.
Please, stop this.
I'm sorry, Itadori.
Kiguruma...
Unfortunately, I'm Reggie.
You were tricked.
What's wrong with your face? I'm not scared at all.
I'm telling you, Lady...
Don't talk.
Oho!
It's a waste of time.
Who are you? What are you doing there?
You are...
Have you ever taken a bath in your clothes?
No.
I thought so. It feels good.
That's right.
I liked the class of diving in the sea when I was in elementary school.
I've been trying to do things that I've been thinking about doing, but it's been a mess.
I've been out of luck for over 30 years.
You laugh?
It's a little funny.
You're a sunfish, aren't you?
I'd like to talk to you.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm a lawyer.
If you talk to me, you'll get a 30-minute consultation fee of 5,000 yen.
What?
No, I'm just kidding.
I just wanted to answer some of the bad lawyers.
I see.
This guy from before...
You have 100 points, right?
He's not a past Jutsu master who was a beast.
He's a modern Jutsu master whose Jutsu style has evolved.
We can talk.
We have a place to negotiate.
Well, you passed, you passed.
Huh?
It's fine now, I understand.
That's a good sign.
You're strong, aren't you?
If you're weak, you can just kill me and that's it.
It's fine, you can be my friend.
What's that?
I didn't hear you.
What do you mean?
How much do you know about the Shime Tsukayu?
It's a ritual, right?
They use the power of the players within the barrier to hand over the people of want to end the Shimezu Kaiyuu Oh Tanma Rather than ending it I want to make the competition for this match a no
Please let me use 100 points of the fireball in addition to the rules for that.
I'll just say it for the record.
I refuse.
Is that a joke?
No, I just feel the possibility of the Shime-tsukaiyuu. Sometimes the law is powerless.
But what about the rules of the Shime-tsukaiyuu? If the power given to me is real, the rules are real too, right?
I'm using the power of the player you just mentioned. It's probably bluffing.
What?
No, I think it's a plan of second and third place rather than bluffing.
The basis is three.
The number of players, the ability of the players, and the rules of the barrier.
If about 1,000 players are evenly divided into 10 colonies, each colony has 100 players.
However, among the players and the sorcerers, there are some who are as weak as a fireball or a fireball.
Only these two have already been divided into 60 sorcerers.
There must be someone in each colony who looks like them.
Only the strong remain in the early stage.
The death row is approaching.
I felt it for sure.
The barrier is too quiet.
Already.
At least here, in Tokyo No. 1.
In addition, the transfer when you enter the colony.
There must be a purpose to scatter people.
The most important thing is to encourage the early double awakening of modern magicians.
Some people die from the transfer.
If you really want to use the power of the player, you should want to fight more and more magicians for longer and longer.
No need for the national and the national.
If the one who broke the rules is punished like the physical law without fighting the truth, isn't that wonderful?
I admit that the rules are problematic, but I want to keep an eye on the system of the Kaiyus.
It's not going to end soon.
I want to see the rule 2 and 8, especially the rule of the Jutsu.
I think if the rules are broken, you'll die.
The death of the Kaiyus is a ritual.
If you keep doing that, all the people in this country will die.
You're a hypocrite. The death of the Kaiyus is a song of the Eizoku.
I don't understand that either.
I'll change the way I say it.
Use the Hundred Points!
Higuruma!
You killed someone you don't like.
It feels better than I thought.
Shikigami.
Higuruma has 100 points.
The battle should kill in each battle into 20 or more.
We can't invade without anything clip.
We can approach withаемся ca projects
usa High Yes
heat
Before taking the
castle, remains the leader of the popular選ank.
I'm going to be swallowed up by the rain
I'm going to keep on going, destroying the future
Will the end come?
If I'm crushed, torn apart, and scattered in a mess
I'm not afraid of anything, because it's all empty
So, for the end, I'm sure you'll erase this day for me
I don't want anything anymore
I'm afraid I'll lose it again
It's almost morning, but the fog is still there
I'll face it while certainly tracing the unobtrusive outline
Please Subscribe, Like, and Share!!